---
layout: default
title: '002: Random Thoughts'
date: 2017-06-12
permalink: /random-thoughts/
---

<div id="random-thoughts">
	<div class="container writing">
		<div class="left">
			<span>002</span>
			<h1>Random Thoughts</h1>
			<p>It's daunting trying to start anything, knowing that where you <b>want</b> to be will take <b>forever</b> to get to.&lrm;</p>
		</div>
		<div class="right">
			<p>
				I've found it really important to be authentic in life. No one likes a phony, liar, or a fake.<br><br>

				Sometimes when we write things for other people, we're not being authentic. I'm speaking of the essays you wrote in class, where you had a little over an hour to read a story and write five paragraphs, proving that you actually read the god damn story.<br><br>

				That's not really the best way to get a kid stoked on writing. I've found writing really important ever since I've been out of the classroom environment. I think we need to have outlets where we can express ourselves and be truly authentic. A couple of my go to outlets: a skateboard and a computer.<br><br>

				... <br><br>

				Skateboarding is awesome because it's focused.<br><br>

				At first all I ever wanted to do was ride a skateboard. But once you learn how to ride, you organically start learning new tricks. <br><br>

				Once you've developed your skills enough, you can really focus on the tricks you want to land and do them they way you think is best. <br><br>

				... <br><br>

				I feel that the computer is a different beast. You can do too many things on a computer, you don't really know where to start. I've tried to learn everything from producing music, creating graphics and programming video games; all on a computer. Each one of those I could spend the rest of my life trying to master. <br><br>

				... <br><br>

				It's daunting trying to start anything, knowing that where you <b>want</b> to be will take <b>forever</b> to get to.<br><br>

				... <br><br>

				But it is so gratifying getting there. You feel a certain type of way when you accomplish something you almost didn't think was possible. <br><br>

				You feel? <br><br>

				... <br><br>

			</p>
			{% include page-nav.html %}
		</div>
	</div>
</div>