---
layout: writing
title: '005: The Internet'
date: 2017-06-23
permalink: /the-internet/
---

<div id="the-internet">
	<div class="container writing">
		<div class="left">
			<span>005</span>
			<h1>The Internet</h1>
			<p>Why does the internet need to be filled with so much bullshit?&lrm;</p>
		</div>
		<div class="right">
			<p>
<!-- 				I was going to write about this story I read about a pack of wolves and their group dynamics. But it turns out that was a bunch of bullshit. <br><br>

				Why does the internet need to be filled with so much bullshit? <br><br>

				... <br><br>

				But then again, the internet is also filled with real information or informative speculation. For example, I just read that Amazon wants to create large skyscrappers that deliver goods via drones. That is probably some real shit in the works. <br><br>

				... <br><br> -->

				My history with the internet has been a long one. Me and the world wide web basically grew up together. From our infancy to the well developed stage we are in now; it's been one crazy ride. <br><br>

				I started with 56k dial up internet from Net-Zero (now known as Verizon Wireless). I remember my older brother trying to set us up with faster internet from some random internet company I've never heard of. That internet bill turned out to be over $300 for one month back in the late 1990's. <br><br>

				Ever since then, I've been in charge of setting up the internet in my house, and for good reason. My brother is four and a half years older than me, and he's the one who introduced me to video games. I started off with the SNES (Super Nintendo), playing games like <i>The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past</i>, <i>Super Mario World</i>, and <i>Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars</i>. <br><br>

				When I was probably around three years old, my neighbors donated their old Macintosh to us. That single, generous moment in time changed my life. <br><br>

				From the moment the computer was set up and running, I was immediately hooked. At first I thought it was just a massive gaming machine, which it was to me. And that was all I wanted at the time. <br><br>

				Fast forward several years and I was introduced to a completely new addition: online gaming. <br><br>

				At this point my brother was starting to grow up, probably getting tired of whooping me in all the games we played together. I now had people to play games with whenver I wanted; all I had to do was start up a game. <br><br>

			</p>
			{% include page-nav.html %}
		</div>
	</div>
</div>
